Remove any variant type (#5219)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Option to exclude ClinVar significance status in SNVs filters form
- Made HRD a config parameter and display it for cancer cases.
- Preset institute-level soft filters for variants (filtering based on "filters" values on variant documents). Settings editable by admins on the institute's settings page. Allows e.g. hiding tumor `in_normal` and `germline_risk` filter status variants.

> - Expand the command line to remove more types of variants. Now supports: `cancer`, `cancer_sv`, `fusion`, `mei`, `outlier`, `snv`, `str`, `sv`, `wts_outliers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Expand the command line to remove more types of variants. Now supports: `cancer`, `cancer_sv`, `fusion`, `mei`, `outlier`, `snv`, `str`, and `sv`.
```

- Don't parse SV frequencies for SNVs even if the name matches. Also accept "." as missing value for SV frequencies.
- HPO search on WTS Outliers page

> 

Reviewer: 💯
